Microsoft Research License Agreement
Non-Commercial Use Only
 
This Microsoft Research License Agreement, including all exhibits (MSR-LA) is a
legal agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft or we) for the
data as more fully described in Exhibit A, which may include associated
materials, text or speech files, associated media and online or electronic
documentation and any updates we provide in our discretion (together, the
Data).
 
By installing, copying, or otherwise using this Data, found at
https://github.com/jiesongk/auto-validate, you agree to be
bound by the terms of this MSR-LA. If you do not agree, do not install copy or
use the Data. The Data is protected by copyright and other intellectual
property laws and is licensed, not sold.
SCOPE OF RIGHTS:
 
You may use and copy this Data for any non-commercial purpose, subject to the
restrictions in this MSR-LA. Some purposes which can be non-commercial are
academic research, personal experimentation and running benchmarking tests.
 
You may not use or distribute this Data or any derivative works in any form for
commercial purposes. Examples of commercial purposes would be running business
operations, licensing, leasing, or selling the Data, distributing the Data for
use with commercial products, using the Data in the creation or use of
commercial products or any other activity which purpose is to procure a
commercial gain to you or others.
 
If you distribute the Data or any derivative works of the Data, you will do so
only upon prior express written authorization from Microsoft and distribute
them under the same terms and conditions as in this license, and you will not
grant other rights to the Data or derivative works that are different from
those provided by this MSR-LA.
 
If you have created derivative works of the Data, and distribute such
derivative works, you will cause the modified files to carry prominent notices
so that recipients know that they are not receiving the original Data. Such
notices must state: (i) that you have changed the Data; and (ii) the date of
any changes.
 
In return, we simply require that you agree:
 
   1. That you will not remove any copyright or other notices from the Data.
   2. That if any of the Data is in binary format, you will not attempt to
modify such portions of the Data, or to reverse engineer or decompile them,
except and only to the extent authorized by applicable law.
   3. That Microsoft is granted back, without any restrictions or limitations,
a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, assignable and
sub-licensable license, to reproduce, publicly perform or display, install,
use, modify, post, distribute, make and have made, sell and transfer your
modifications to and/or derivative works of the Data, including but not limited
to the results and analysis of any tests that are run by or conducted by you
with or for the Data, for any purpose.
   4. That any feedback about the Data provided by you to us is voluntarily
given, and Microsoft shall be free to use the feedback as it sees fit without
obligation or restriction of any kind, even if the feedback is designated by
you as confidential.
   5. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. The Data is confidential and proprietary to
Microsoft and its suppliers (Confidential Information).
 
      a. Use. For five years after installation of the Data or its commercial
release, whichever is first, you may not disclose such Confidential Information
to third parties. You may disclose Confidential Information only to your
employees and consultants who need to know the information. You must have
written agreements with them that protect the Confidential Information at least
as much as this agreement.
 
      b. Survival. Your duty to protect Confidential Information survives this
agreement.
 
      c. Exclusions. You may disclose Confidential Information in response to a
judicial or governmental order. You must first give written notice to Microsoft
to allow it to seek a protective order or otherwise protect the information.
Confidential Information does not include information that
          * becomes publicly known through no wrongful act;
          * You received from a third party who did not breach confidentiality
obligations to Microsoft or its suppliers; or
          * You developed independently.
   6. Term of MSR-LA. This MSR-LA will terminate on the commercial release of
the Data, unless earlier terminated by Microsoft in writing at any time without
cause. Upon termination, you will cease use of the Data, and if so requested,
promptly return to Microsoft, or certify destruction of, all full or partial
copies of the Data provided by Microsoft.
   7. THAT THE DATA COMES AS IS, WITH NO WARRANTIES. THIS MEANS NO EXPRESS,
IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ANY WARRANTY AGAINST
INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE DATA OR ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT. THERE IS NO WARRANTY THAT THIS DATA WILL FULFILL ANY OF YOUR
PARTICULAR PURPOSES OR NEEDS.
   8. THAT NEITHER MICROSOFT NOR ANY CONTRIBUTOR TO THE DATA WILL BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DAMAGES RELATED TO THE DATA OR THIS MSR-LA, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT THE LAW
PERMITS, NO MATTER WHAT LEGAL THEORY IT IS BASED ON. 7. That we have no duty of
reasonable care or lack of negligence, and we are not obligated to (and will
not) provide technical support for the Data.
   9. That if you breach this MSR-LA or if you sue anyone over patents that you
think may apply to or read on the Data or anyone's use of the Data, this MSR-LA
(and your license and rights obtained herein) terminate automatically. Upon any
such termination, you shall destroy all of your copies of the Data immediately.
Sections 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 11 and 12 of this MSR-LA shall survive any
termination of this MSR-LA.
  10. That the patent rights, if any, granted to you in this MSR-LA only apply
to the Data, not to any derivative works you make, and are limited to your use
of the Data under this MSR-LA.
  11. That the Data may be subject to U.S. export jurisdiction at the time it
is licensed to you, and it may be subject to additional export or import laws
in other places. You agree to comply with all such laws and regulations that
may apply to the Data after delivery of the Data to you.
  12. That all rights not expressly granted to you in this MSR-LA are reserved.
  13. That this MSR-LA shall be construed and controlled by the laws of the
State of Washington, USA, without regard to conflicts of law. If any provision
of this MSR-LA shall be deemed unenforceable or contrary to law, the rest of
this MSR-LA shall remain in full effect and interpreted in an enforceable
manner that most nearly captures the intent of the original language.
